=Ancient Bracelet=
=Episode 11=
=He's Lost His Mind=
Zhaoli,
you came on to me first this time.
♪A weary bird sways the branches♪
♪My heart feels a gentle bond♪
♪Petals fall before the courtyard♪
♪New sprouts cover the ground♪
♪I can't tell what's real or false♪
♪You lean close, speaking softly♪
♪Your gaze blooms with grace♪
♪Affection fills the air♪
♪Longing takes on a clearer form♪
♪How I wish♪
♪To stay in this fleeting moment♪
(The Fire Phoenix.)
(Wu Zhaoli is the Saintess.)
What was meant to happen
has happened at last.
Your wounds have healed.
Does it still hurt?
No, it doesn't.
My whole body
just feels a bit sore.
Zhaoli,
do you truly have feelings
for Ying Du?
My heart
indeed leans toward him.
But Zhaoli,
you two can never truly be together.
Grandmother,
what do you mean by that?
Zhaoli,
it's time you learned
the truth of your birth.
You were never an orphan.
Your mother was Goddess Xingyue.
She fell into a love tribulation
and was punished by fate,
with her soul scattered.
And your power
was sealed at birth.
Now, your power has awakened,
and you've become the Saintess.
Grandmother,
even if I am the Saintess,
why can't I be with Ying Du?
They say the Saintess is bound by fate,
unable to feel love,
or she'll face punishment.
You two are trapped
in a cycle of grudges and tangled fate.
You're destined
to meet as enemies, bound by hate.
Grandmother,
it's only a legend.
No matter what my identity is,
my bond with Ying Du
will never change.
Let's check out the shop up ahead.
Alright.
Let's go.
(Oracle, Teahouse)
(Why is Oracle not here?)
Why is it raining again?
Who knows?
Zhaoli.
Let's go home.
Hurry up.
It's not too late for you to know
the grudge with Ying Du.
Che, you...
I can use the Bracelet too.
If you wish to see your past
and present with Ying Du,
I can help you.
You caused the fall of my entire tribe.
Zhaoli.
In your past life, Ying Du killed
all your dear family and kin
without exception.
Not only that,
you'll one day turn blades
on each other.
But I have no memories
of the dearest ones
you speak of.
I don't even know them.
What about your grandmother?
In the foretelling dream I had,
Ying Du would kill her as well.
If that's the punishment
the Saintess will face...
Enough, Che.
Stop trying to sow discord
between Ying Du and me.
I don't believe any of this.
Right now,
I truly and deeply love him,
and he has me in his heart too.
That is enough.
As for the punishment you speak of,
I will face it together with him.
You need not worry about it.
(Zhaoli,)
(I've failed time and again)
(to kill Ying Du because of you.)
(This time,)
(I'll use your hand)
(to rid him once and for all.)
Help! Help me!
Please spare me.
(Something's wrong.)
Spare me.
Please spare me.
Grandmother.
Grandmother!
Help me.
Wu Luoluo.
Wu Luoluo,
what on earth is happening?
Ying Du has lost his mind.
He wants to destroy us all.
Ying Du?
That's impossible.
No, it can't be true.
It's real,
terribly real.
Wu Luoluo... Wu Luoluo!
Grandmother!
Don't!
Zhaoli,
go...
Grandmother,
wake up!
It's me, Zhaoli!
Why...
Why?
Ying Du,
it really was you.
Why?
Why would you do this?
♪Snow falls upon my brows,
blurring suddenly♪
♪Memories turn,
forgiving time after time♪
♪Tears or snowflakes, sweet or bitter♪
♪Hard to tell them apart♪
♪Vowing to give you
three lifetimes' happiness♪
♪In this life, I still run toward you♪
♪No matter the homeward journey♪
♪Falling to the deepest place
in your heart♪
♪And that is enough♪
♪Ahead lies a path without snow or wind♪
♪Begonia blooms across the branches♪
♪One more glance
may let love stand still♪
♪Snow falls upon my brows,
blurring suddenly♪
♪Memories turn,
forgiving time after time♪
♪Tears or snowflakes, sweet or bitter♪
♪Hard to tell them apart♪
♪Vowing to give you
three lifetimes' happiness♪
♪In this life, I still run toward you♪
♪No matter the homeward journey♪
♪Falling to the deepest place
in your heart♪
♪And that is enough♪
♪Ahead lies a path without snow or wind♪
♪Begonia blooms across the branches♪
♪One more glance
may let love stand still♪
♪One more glance may let love♪
♪Stand still♪